Sudo secure path patch (#113)
puppetlabs/provision: README.md

Ran on 1 node in 51.98 seconds
```

sudo secure_path fix

> As some Vagrant boxes do not allow ssh root logins, the **vargrant** user is used to login and *sudo* is used to execute privileged commands as root user. The Puppet agent is not installed into one of the directories included into the sudo *secure_path* configuration. To add the Puppet agent binary path to the *secure_path* please run the follwong Bolt task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As some Vagrant boxes do not allow ssh root logins, the **vagrant** user is used to login and *sudo* is used to execute privileged commands as root user. 
By default the Puppet agent installation does not change the systems' sudo *secure_path* configuration.
This leads to errors when anything tries to execute `puppet` commands on the test system.
To add the Puppet agent binary path to the *secure_path* please run the `provision::fix_secure_path` Bolt task:
```
